Add documentation for OpenAPI v3 Beta (#32784)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/overview/kubernetes-api.md

### OpenAPI V3

{{< feature-state state="beta"  for_k8s_version="v1.24" >}}

> Kubernetes v1.24 offers beta support for publishing its APIs as OpenAPI v3; this is a

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
Kubernetes {{< param "version" >}} offers beta support for publishing its APIs as OpenAPI v3; this is a
```

beta feature that is enabled by default.
You can disable the beta feature by turning off the
[feature gate](/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/) named `OpenAPIV3`
for the kube-apiserver component.

A discovery endpoint `/openapi/v3` is provided to see a list of all
group/versions available. This endpoint only returns JSON. These group/versions
are provided in the following format:

> ```

Reviewer: If you append `json` you get syntax highlighting.

{
  "paths": [{

>     "$group_version": {

Reviewer 2: Does Kubernetes documentation usually provide examples using transient/assumed envars like "$group_version"? Isn't the canonical way examples are done in documentation to provide a concrete example?

Reviewer: What we sometimes do is use YAML: you can take a JSON document, and add comments to it, and the highlighter makes that clear.
If you do that, please make it obvious to readers that the comments aren't part of the API.

Author: I've added an actual example.

>       "serverRelativeURL": "$relative_url?hash=$current_resource_hash"

Reviewer 2: Same comment as above

	},
	"apps/v1": {

> 	  "serverRelativeURL": "/openapi/v3/apis/apps/v1?hash=ha5hha5hha5hha5h"

Reviewer 2: Is this taken from a real response? I feel like it should be `v1.json` here. If it is written by hand, maybe there are other mistakes I am not catching as well.

Author: Thanks, I fixed all these comments by grabbing an example from the server

	}
  }]
}
```

The hash is provided as part of the URL so that the response from the server can
be cached indefinitely. The proper HTTP caching headers are also set by the
apiserver for that purpose (`Expire` to 1 year in the future, and

> `Cache-control` to `immutable`).

Reviewer 2: `Cache-Control` not `Cache-control`

Reviewer: We should have some text that explains _what_ is immutable: the Kubernetes API does change, and then in that case the URL also changes. The way that Kubernetes achieves this is a less important detail (the hash, etc).

Author: Tried to rephrase this, and to use `Cache-Control`

> The Kubernetes API server serves an aggregated OpenAPI v3 spec per Kubernetes

Reviewer 2: How is the group-version specific spec aggregated? I was under the impression only the discovery list needed to be aggregated. Ignore me if I am just misinformed

Author: Yeah, I was a little confused by that myself (that was already in the existing documentation). Let me try to rephrase.

> are also set by the apiserver for that purpose (`Expire` to 1 year in

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
are also set by the API server for that purpose (`Expire` to 1 year in
```

> are also set by the apiserver for that purpose (`Expire` to 1 year in

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
are also set by the API server for that purpose (`Expire` to 1 year in
```

group version at the `/openapi/v3/apis/<group>/<version>?hash=$hash` endpoint.
If the hash is not provided, a redirect will be returned to the most recent

> version of the end-point with the hash, so that caching libraries can cache the

Reviewer 2: `end-point` should be `endpoint`

> If the hash is not provided, a redirect will be returned to the most recent
> version of the end-point with the hash, so that caching libraries can cache the
> proper version of the file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also request the OpenAPI data without specifying a hash in the query
string, and in that case the API server sends a redirect response with the URI
of the current API data.
```
I didn't quite understand under what circumstances a client might discover or
know the OpenAPI URL that doesn't include a hash - can we explain that?

Author: Yes, there are merely two cases (describing for context):
1. Someone tries to figure out how to build the path, but they don't have the hashtag (in which case we actually don't redirect, we send the full version without disabled caching headers)
3. a URL/hash becomes obsolete, in which case we redirect to the newer version of the URL.

I'll try to rephrase that better.

> Please refer to the table below for accepted request headers.

Reviewer: If feasible, use a Markdown table here with no embedded CSS. If not feasible, please raise that as an issue.

Author: I've just moved the table around and we're also using that same table for OpenAPI v2. Can we refactor that later?

Reviewer: OK, that's fair.

> used, the apiserver will return a redirect to the newest URL.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
used, the API server returns a redirect to the newest URL.
```

> used, the apiserver will return a redirect to the newest URL.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
used, the API server returns a redirect to the newest URL.
```

> The Kubernetes API server proxies an OpenAPI v3 spec per Kubernetes

Reviewer 2: I agree that the proxying behavior isn't a useful detail to someone reading API docs.

> group version at the `/openapi/v3/apis/<group>/<version>?hash=<hash>`

Reviewer 4: nit: Is the `hash` query parameter required?

Author: No, but it helps the caching so it's highly recommended.

Someone could construct the URL manually (without the hash) they would get a non-cacheable result. The hash can't be guessed and you have to use the discovery URL to get it.
